Readme
========

# Content

This repository contains the source code used for the experiments of the paper
"Dynamic Memory Allocation Scaling of Cache instances for RAM Consolidation in
the Cloud". It has been anonymized for the double-blind process, and therefore
unfortunately (since it depends on licensed code that would reveal our identity)
is not compilable, but the sources present the implementation used in our
experiments.

## market

This directory contains the implementation of the market kvstore instances, and the market controller.
It produces two executables:
- cache: containing a kvstore instance, that connects to a supervisor. Multiple instances can be deployed.
- supervisor: manages multiple cache instances.

## cachelib

This directory contains the kvstore implementation based on the cachelib api. It
produces an executable that provides the same interfaces as the market kvstore
instance to be interchangeable transparently from the perspective of the user
application.

## socialNet

This directory contains the SocialNetwork application source code and other
utilities used to deploy, generate a workload, and analyse the results.

## Deployer

The Deployer uses a toml configuration file to deploy the application to a
remote machine (or cluster) using the ssh protocol. It compiles the different
executables on the target machine to avoid dependency problems. Unfortunately,
it is disabled for the double-blind process, but the source code shows the
different deployment steps.

The deployment configuration files used in the paper can be found in
[[./traces/deployments/]]. Once the deployment and workload have been executed, the
deployer retrieves the execution metrics and stores them in a directory. Traces
generated during the experiments for the paper can be found in
[[./traces/results/four_apps/]].

## Workload

The workload generator uses Gatling to generate workload on the deployed
applications.

## Analyser

The analyzer takes traces generated by an experiment (deployment followed by
workload generation) and creates a latex summary file. Since the analyzer is not
compilable in the anonymus repository, latex files have been pre-generated and
can be found in [[./traces/results/tmp-tex]].
